IN THIS STYLE, even though we may be using a modern high-level programming language with powerful library functions available, the problem is solved in almost Good Old Times style: one piece of code, from beginning to end, with no new abstractions provided and not much use of the ones available in the libraries either. From a design perspective, the main concern is to obtain the desired output without having to think much about subdividing the problem or how to take advantage of code that already exists. Given that the entire problem is one single conceptual unit, the programming task consists of defining the data and control flow that rule this unit. The example program works as follows. It holds a global list variable word freqs (line #5) that is used for holding the pairs associating words with corresponding frequencies. The program first reads a list of stop words from a file, and extends with words comprising single letters, e.g. a (lines #7– 9). Then the program engages in one long loop (lines #12–47) that iterates through the input file’s lines, one by one. Inside that loop, there is a second, nested loop (lines #15–46) that iterates through each character of each line. The problem to be solved in this nested loop is to detect the beginning (lines #17–19) and the end (lines #21–44) of words, incrementing the frequency count for each detected word that is not a stop word (lines #26–44). In the case of a word that hasn’t been seen before, a new pair is added to the word freqs list, with count 1 (lines #36–37); in the case of a word that has already occurred (lines #29–35), the count is simply incremented (line #31). Since we want to print out the word frequencies by decreasing order of frequency, this program further ensures that the word freqs list is always ordered by decreasing order of frequency (lines #40–44). At the end (lines #49–50), the program simply outputs the first 25 entries of the word freqs list. Note that the only imports from the Python standard library are sys and string (line #3), for pragmatic reasons.